# Sets up default app associations using duti
# format: [bundleID] [UTI] [role]

# Media Player
com.colliderli.iina .avi all
com.colliderli.iina .flac all
com.colliderli.iina .flv all
com.colliderli.iina .m4a all
com.colliderli.iina .m4v all
com.colliderli.iina .mkv all
com.colliderli.iina .mov all
com.colliderli.iina .mp3 all
com.colliderli.iina .mp4 all
com.colliderli.iina .mpv all
com.colliderli.iina .opus all
com.colliderli.iina .vob all
com.colliderli.iina .wav all
com.colliderli.iina .webm all
com.colliderli.iina .wmv all

# Text Editor
com.sublimetext.4 .dat all
com.sublimetext.4 .json all
com.sublimetext.4 .lua all
com.sublimetext.4 .md all
com.sublimetext.4 .php all
com.sublimetext.4 .py all
com.sublimetext.4 .rb all
com.sublimetext.4 .sh all
com.sublimetext.4 .tex all
com.sublimetext.4 .toml all
com.sublimetext.4 .txt all
com.sublimetext.4 .yml all
com.sublimetext.4 public.plain-text all

# PDF editor
com.apple.Preview .pdf all
